Dear recruiter,

This is not a CV as you want, it's just a mail with a hope that might be attract attention from you.

My name is Ngo Trung Duc, 02/8/1989
Let me tell you something about me. I've never graduated from any universities, though presently i am learning at FPT Aptech to get a bachelor's degree for myself. I wasted time around 4 years to work at a company which belongs to my relatives. Before that, i've been a professional athlete and ever reached an award of the nation. I played ping-pong ( table-tennis) from 10 year old and now i've been stopped it quite a long time to work at the company that i told you. And begin pursuing my real passion in this year, it's about to become a programmer which accidently love after i read a book about Steve Jobs, the book with the title the same his name. I love him, i love the way he made everything, i love everything he made as well (almost them are break through in technology). He is actually a real magician in the way he manage his people. He said: "I think everybody in this country should learn how to program a computer because it teaches you how to think.", so I felt like a stream of new thought blew my mind after the book. The book totally changed me. Then I've made a decision that probably never regret when i quit the old job and begin with a new mind to become to be myself.

I started the change by learning English, which i wasn't learned from when i was in high school ( i learned at Trinh Hoai Duc, a athletes's school). Then after a few month studying, when i had some experience about English, i began registering at FPT Aptech, which is pretty good at Ha Noi as i know. And from then to now, approximately 7 months, i've tried very hard. However, my school have a teaching method is primarily self study, so i think i won't get a true experience much to do a real project. I wanna learn like the ways Steve Jobs learned. He learned from everybody better than him and i think if i can be a internship of your company then i will get more experience from everyone of yours and from the real projects as well. I think everyone can code. I don't think i am too old to learn. Everything just begin. And i have to tell you that i have an advantage. Eventhough i was 26 years old, my appearance is just 20 year old, even 18. I have an experient mind in a young body, i have the passion and i have the health for dedicating.

I've been tried Ruby after some programs i learned. The first thing i felt about Ruby was just amazing. This program is so cool, so simple for starting, and i really wanna learn to work with this program. I've been tried finding some Ruby class at HN to learn truly about it, but as you know, there is no actually class teaching about Ruby at HN. There is only one address i found at the moment i was searching for, but when i asked them, they answered me the class was postponed after 2016 depend on teacher, then i realized that class would never existed. My friends, none of them felt exciting about Ruby, just only me. So, I skipped it to study other programs at school with my friends. However, when i found that your company need Ruby internships, my inspiration just overflowed again. I really wanna become one of Ruby internships of your company. I'll try my best, i promise!

I've got some experience about C, Java, HTML, CSS, bootstrap, Javascript, SQL Sever and alittle about Ruby.

I wish i can be considered after this mail. 

Thanks sincerely!

Duc,